Update Wrapped Key `Overview` page (#317)
LIT-Protocol/docs: docs/sdk/wrapped-keys/overview.md

# Overview

Wrapped Keys are private keys that are encrypted and stored using Lit's Wrapped Keys backend service. They can be initialized by [importing](./importing-key.md) or [storing](./storing-wrapped-key-metadata.md) an existing private key, or can be [generated](./generating-wrapped-key.md) within a Lit node's trusted execution environment (TEE), meaning the clear text private key never exists outside of the TEE.

> Regardless of how the Wrapped Keys is initialized, each Wrapped Key is associated with an existing [Programmable Keypair (PKP)](../../sdk/wallets/minting.md) and given a unique ID by Lit.

Reviewer: > 'Regardless of how the Wrapped Keys is initialized...'

slight typo here, should be 'Wrapped Key'

> Using the unique ID and [Session Signatures](../authentication/session-sigs/intro.md) from the PKP the Wrapped Key is associated with, you can leverage the Lit network to perform signatures on arbitrary data and transactions (optionally sending the signed transaction to a network) using your encrypted private key.

Reviewer: maybe we can use 'generate' instead of 'perform' .. what do you think?

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## How it Works

> Currently the available actions of the Wrapped Keys SDK are:

Reviewer: > 'Currently the available actions of the Wrapped Keys SDK are:'

consider rephrasing to 'the current functionality offered by the Wrapped Keys SDK includes:'

- [Generating a Wrapped Key](./generating-wrapped-key.md)
- [Importing a private key as a Wrapped Key](./importing-key.md)
- [Exporting a Wrapped Key](./exporting-wrapped-key.md)
- [Getting Wrapped Key Metadata](./getting-wrapped-key-metadata.md)
- [Storing Wrapped Key Metadata](./storing-wrapped-key-metadata.md)
- [Listing all Wrapped Keys associated with a PKP](./listing-wrapped-keys.md)
- [Signing an arbitrary message with a Wrapped Key](./sign-message.md)

> - [Signing an Ethereum or Solana transaction with a Wrapped Key](./sign-transaction.md)

Reviewer: is it just ETH and SOL? Or should we say 'blockchain tx' and then include these two examples? (as well as an example showing how you could do this for any chain)

Author: Well the SDK specifically supports signing ETH and SOL txs. Users would need to implement their own Lit Actions to perform signatures for other transaction types/signature schemes

Author: Changed it to:

> - [Signing a blockchain transaction with a Wrapped Key](./sign-transaction.md)
>     - Currently Ethereum and Solana transactions are supported out-of-the-box using the Wrapped Keys SDK, however, you can implement your own custom Wrapped Keys Lit Action to support other transaction types and/or signature schemes. For more information on how to do this, please refer to [this guide](./custom-wrapped-keys.md).

Below are high-level overviews of how each SDK method works.

:::info
The Wrapped Keys SDK methods for:

- Exporting a Wrapped Key
- Getting Wrapped Key Metadata
- Signing an arbitrary message with a Wrapped Key
- Signing an Ethereum or Solana transaction with a Wrapped Key

> expect a Wrapped Key ID as part of their parameters. This ID is generated for each Wrapped Key by the backend service, and is returned by the SDK methods for:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Expect a Wrapped Key ID as part of their parameters. This ID is generated for each Wrapped Key by the backend service, and is returned by the SDK methods for:
```

- Generating a Wrapped Key

> - Importing a private key as a Wrapped Ke

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Importing a private key as a Wrapped Key
```

- Storing Wrapped Key Metadata

> You can also obtain the IDs for all the Wrapped Keys associated with a specific PKP by using the SDK's [listEncryptedKeyMetadata](./listing-wrapped-keys.md) SDK's method.

Reviewer: > You can also obtain the IDs for all the Wrapped Keys associated with a specific PKP by using the SDK's [listEncryptedKeyMetadata](./listing-wrapped-keys.md) SDK's method.

I think the second 'SDK's' can be removed here

3. Using the generated Access Control Conditions, the SDK will encrypt the provided private key using the [encryptString](https://v6-api-doc-lit-js-sdk.vercel.app/functions/encryption_src.encryptString.html) Lit SDK method
   - This encrypts your provided plaintext private key using the Lit network's public BLS key
4. The SDK then stores the private key encryption metadata to the Wrapped Keys backend service, associating it with the PKP's Ethereum address
5. The SDK returns a [ImportPrivateKeyResult](https://v6-api-doc-lit-js-sdk.vercel.app/interfaces/wrapped_keys_src.ImportPrivateKeyResult.html) object containing the generated Wrapped Key ID, and the PKP Ethereum address the Wrapped Key is associated with

### Exporting a Wrapped Key
  
1. The Wrapped Keys SDK will use the provided Wrapped Key ID and PKP Session Signatures to fetch the encryption metadata for a specific Wrapped Key
2. Using the PKP Session Signatures, the SDK will make a request to the Lit network to execute the [exportPrivateKey](https://github.com/LIT-Protocol/js-sdk/blob/master/packages/wrapped-keys/src/lib/litActions/common/src/exportPrivateKey.js) Lit Action

> 3. The Lit Action will check the Access Control Conditions the plaintext private key was encrypted with to verify the PKP is authorized to decrypt the private key

Reviewer 2: Maybe rewording to this?
```suggestion
3. The Lit Action will check the Access Control Conditions used to encrypt the plaintext private key to verify whether the PKP is authorized to decrypt the private key
```

:::

1. The Wrapped Keys SDK will derive the PKP's Ethereum address from the provided PKP Session Signatures
2. The SDK stores the provided [StoreEncryptedKeyParams](https://v6-api-doc-lit-js-sdk.vercel.app/types/wrapped_keys_src.StoreEncryptedKeyParams.html) using the Wrapped Keys backend service, associating the resulting Wrapped Key with the PKP's Ethereum address
3. The SDK returns a [StoreEncryptedKeyResult](https://v6-api-doc-lit-js-sdk.vercel.app/interfaces/wrapped_keys_src.StoreEncryptedKeyResult.html) object containing the generated Wrapped Key ID, and the PKP Ethereum address the Wrapped Key is associated with

### Listing Wrapped Keys for a PKP   
   
1.  The Wrapped Keys SDK will derive the PKP Ethereum address from the provided PKP Session Signatures
2.  The SDK will submit the Ethereum address to the Wrapped Keys backend service to fetch and return all the associated Wrapped Keys

> ### Signing an Arbitrary Message

Reviewer: it may be helpful to add a few sentences distinguishing generic 'message' signing vs 'transaction' signing

Reviewer: like when one would use one over the other

Author: Added

```
- [Signing an arbitrary message/data with a Wrapped Key](./sign-message.md)
  - Useful for non transactional data such as:
    - Creating a digital signature of data to verify it hasn't been tampered with
    - Proving ownership (authenticating) of a specific blockchain address
    - Creating and verifying credentials or attestations in decentralized identity systems
```

When encrypting data using the Lit network, [Access Control Conditions](../../sdk/access-control/evm/basic-examples) are specified to restrict who is authorized to decrypt the data. For more information on how encryption and decryption works using the Lit network, please go [here](../../sdk/access-control/intro).

The Access Control Conditions used to encrypt the private key are:

```ts
[
    {
        contractAddress: '',
        standardContractType: '',
        chain: CHAIN_ETHEREUM,
        method: '',
        parameters: [':userAddress'],
        returnValueTest: {
        comparator: '=',
        value: pkpAddress,
        },
    },
];
```

where `pkpAddress` is the Ethereum address that's derived from the PKP that was authenticated by the Lit network when the request to import, store, or generate a new Wrapped Key was made. With this condition, the only entity authorized to decrypt a Wrapped Key's underlying private key, is the PKP.

### Decrypting the Private Key

> When you submit a request to the Wrapped Keys backend service via one of the SDK methods, you must provide PKP Session Signatures. From these Session Signatures, an Ethereum address corresponding to the PKP can be derived. It's this address that the Lit Action submits as part of it's request to the Lit network to decrypt the Wrapped Key.

Reviewer: 'it's' should just be 'its'

If the derived Ethereum address from the PKP Session Signatures matches the address used to encrypt the Wrapped Key, then decryption is authorized and the Lit Action is able to collect and combine the decryption shares from the Lit nodes and obtain the plaintext private key.

> The plaintext private key only exists within the TEE of a single Lit node that is executing the Lit Action. This is enforced using the [decryptToSingleNode](https://actions-docs.litprotocol.com/#decrypttosinglenode) Lit Action method. This single Lit node executing the Lit Action is then able to use the plaintext private to perform signing operations. After the Lit Action is finished executing, the TEE memory is wiped and the plaintext private key seizes to exist.

Reviewer: > and the plaintext private key seizes to exist

seizes should be replaced with 'ceases'
